Slow down.
Hey little dragon
Do you think my sister-in-law will lose weight and damage her brain?
What kind of bad idea is this?
Sister-in-law is broken.
What about Brother An?
Brother An's brain is also broken
Are you sure this is okay?
What are you doing?
I see it says free delivery on the back of your plate.
This doesn't look like a bad thing
Absolutely.
As long as the dart in your hand
And hit any square on the turntable.
Clothes in the store
According to the content on the grid
I'll reduce this price for you.
And not only can you do it yourself
You can also pull it.
Friends around you will help you vote together.
The more people come, the better the chance.
This price will naturally get lower.
Really, how are you going to play this month?
Auntie, let me show you
Which dress do you like?
Okay, take a look.
Wow lady you are so lucky
I'll give you 10 yuan off in one fell swoop.
Hey, ma'am, why don't you try it yourself?
Isn't it cut this time?
Auntie, this dress is yours.
That's it.
Then I'll take this wool gown, ma'am
This wool sweater costs 30 yuan.
If you want to buy it for 0 yuan.
You can pull more friends around you.
Let's help you fight together.
Then I'll find someone to go
Auntie, take your time
What's the use of three aunts?
Don't underestimate big girls
The power of a big girl is incomparably terrifying
There are two flavors.
Little brothers
Ready to pick up guests